what's happening guys to everyone who
always wanted to see the Sinister Six in
a spider-man franchise here's your lucky
day the second day of comic-con is here
and today we've had plenty of brand new
interviews and of course some brand new
information let's start with marc webb
teasing the mysterious character called
the gentleman during the interview with
grave online marc webb told the
interviewer quote think about the
gentleman the interviewer was confused
and he asked if marc webb is being
serious to what marc webb replied I'm
just saying think about the gentleman
now that's a weird conversation isn't it
if only you see guys there is a
character nicknamed gentlemen in a
spider-man franchise his real name is
gusta fears and he doesn't have any
superpowers instead he is a brilliant
mastermind and a wealthy businessman he
first appeared in the March of 1999
spider-man the gathering of the Sinister
Six at some point he recruited his own
version of sinister six in order to
destroy spider-man and finally I'd like
to explain that there's definitely a
resemblance between this character and
mychal massie the man in the shadows
from the first movie that's something to
think about isn't it perhaps mychal
massie who now we know is Norman was
born is actually the gentleman the
mysterious character who later on will
form the Sinister Six this isn't the
first time of marc webb teasing the
Sinister Six he gave us hints here and
there and to support the effect that we
might or perhaps we'll see sinister 6 in
future films just today Jamie Foxx
dropped some interesting hints regarding
the possibility of sinister six as well
during the interview with radio host
Eric Davis Jamie Foxx pointed out that
there is no possible way of killing
electron since you can't kill
electricity you can shut it off but you
can't kill
he also added that there is a
possibility of Elektra coming back in
future films and finally Jamie Foxx
revealed his thoughts on Electra joining
the Sinister Six quote you know electro
was always tempted by the sinister six
so we'll see look stepping away from it
I would like to see something like that
that would make it like okay the big
guys are coming to play there we go guys
both marc webb and jamie foxx these
sinister six during one day since we
know for sure that there will be two
more spider-man films damage experiment
three coming in 2016 and damaging
fireman for coming in 2018 I am really
excited to see the team map of evil
mastermind in action let me know if you
guys think and enough for now